01 Living Room & Dining Room with access to the oversized wrap around balcony overlooking the beach.
02 Huge balcony meeting/work space directly overlooking the Pacific Ocean, beach, pool, jacuzzi and playground areas. If you have to work at home, this is the best place in the world to work from (there's great high-speed Wifi access here!)
03 Bonus hall sitting area has high speed Internet with a UPS battery backup system to ensure you have 100% connectivity at all times.
04 Huge fully-stocked kitchen area with tons of counter space for cooking, preparation, and pass-through service/bar area. This kitchen is an entertainer's dream, not to mention during all your cooking you have a perfect view of the Pacific Ocean!
05 Grand kitchen with everything you need including: Dishwasher, Full size Oven, Microwave, Air Fryer and much more. Just look at the counter space and service counter! There's also a reverse-osmosis (RO) system for endless filtered drinking water.
06 Great 5-burner stove built into the island with a constant view of the ocean. If you're going to be cooking, you may as well enjoy the view!
07 Great for entertaining or just preparing your own morning coffee and toast, this large kitchen has everything you need if you desire to stay in and cook. (Frankly, you'll probably end up going out to one of the many nearby affordable restaurants!)
08 Comfortable dining table with a spectacular view of the ocean with seating for 8.
09 Indoor dining area seats 8.
10 Extra large primary bedroom with king bed, ceiling fan, AC & en suite full bathroom. You have a beautiful sitting area overlooking a tranquil green space. The door takes you to the oversized balcony & BBQ area with outdoor dining that seats 6.
11 The 2nd bedroom has 1 custom-crafted queen bed with 2 pull out twin beds, perfect for families or a group of friends. Attached Jack & Jill bathroom, ceiling fan, separate air conditioning unit, and TV, plus tons of built-in storage/closet space.
12 Great private storage space is available in every room!
13 Great private workspace & TV.
14 The 3rd bedroom has a queen bed, ceiling fan, separate air conditioner. It also has a private work space, TV, and private closet/storage space.
15 This cute yet ample-sized guest bathroom is conveniently located just off the main entryway.
16 
17 
18 Laundry room with full washer & dryer. There is also a utility bathroom inside the laundry room.
19 Full outdoor kitchen cooking area with sink, counter space, storage, BBQ, gas burner, plus separate counter with an extra outdoor burner. This all overlooks the Pacific Ocean and a beautiful open green space. Hose hookup & electrical outlets, too!
20 Front of the beautiful Santorini Building. It has some great modern architecture with sweeping curves and stunning glass accents.
21 The Santorini Building
22 Entering the building, there's 24/7 security with a doorman and crew ready to help you.
23 Private balcony view of the jacuzzi, infinity pool, sun deck, and playground. Oh, and don't forget the ample beach -- it's beautiful and so peaceful. The sound of the waves is always so calming!
24 A view of Murciélago Beach from the elevator which goes down to the Pool Level and then down to the Beach. Yes - this building has a private elevator the goes right down to the beach!
25 Beautiful infinity pool with lounge chairs, tables, and a bar area.
26 Swim up to the infinity edge and look out over the beach. You'll have a hard time deciding whether to stay in the pool or to take the elevator down to the beach and jump in the ocean. It's ok to do both -- multiple times per day!
27 Beautifully decorated, large entry/hall way. This is a huge apartment that feels more like a house. With the outdoor BBQ/sink, dining, and meeting areas it's over 3200 square feet!
28 The oversized entry space gives a nice open feel.
29 Throw some locally-purchased fresh shrimp & albacore tuna on the BBQ, then watch the boats and kite surfers play as you cook!
30 Newly remodeled BBQ area with grill, outside burners, counters, sink, hose hookup, and electrical outlets . There is an outdoor covered and lighted eating area as well that comfortably seats 6.
31 Working outside on the balcony couches? This is your view! You'll have continuous high-speed Wifi available, but sometimes it's hard to concentrate on work when you have this view 24/7.
32 Here's a great view of the elevator to the beach (which has a convenient clean-up room for washing off your feet as you come in from the beach), children's playground, and pool area.
33 Here's the view of the building from the beach.
34 Spectacular sunset views
35 Being so near the Equator, the sun sets around the same time every day. You'll want plan your days around this beautiful photo-taking / relaxing reflection time.
36 You never know what you'll see on the beach, so it's best to always have a camera handy!
37 The beautiful, modern Mall Del Pacifico is a 3 to 5 minute walk and contains tons of stores, a full food court, high-quality yet affordable restaurants, a modern movie theater, full grocery store with everything you'll ever need, and more!
